Feedback 

1. 
Feedback from: Ben Gorman
What was checked: Code comments in main.py and colors.py
Date: 3/12/2024

    **Feedback for Earvin/Declan**
    The quality of these notes are very high. The line by line level of detail that you go to makes understanding the application very easy. There are a few things I noticed that were missing or could be cleaned up. If you need anything else or have any questions, just let me know.  

    __Code Notes__
    None of the classes have explanations for what they are or do. 

    None of the packages have explanations for what they are or do. 

    These code notes could use a blurb at the top of the function explaining what the function intends to do and what the user would be using them for. Instead of simply putting “deposit method”, I’d explain what it does and how. 

    The convention in which the code comments are written is inconsistent. Having the comments on the right of the function means the reviewer has to read right to left. Conventionally comments go above the code it explains so that the user has an idea of what it is before they attempt to decipher it.


    #this is the class, it controls X user experience
    class Feedback
    #this function performs Y
    def examplefeedback(learning):
    #this is the first line of the code, it handles step Z
    self.feedback = feedback

    __Ethical Concerns__
    This application handles valuable assets of the user and their private information. While this data is clearly seeded as an example, if this application were real, it would require statements handling these concerns such as a privacy policy. Having an account number be all that is required to deposit or withdraw money is a clear security risk. I recommend doing a write up somewhere to explain these risks to the user before they use the application.

Action required:
- Explanation of classes 
- Explanation of packages
- Blurb for functions
- Put comments on top of code instead of beside code.
- Add more security to accounts to fix ethical concerns. 

2. 
Feedback from: Evan
What was checked: Code comments in main.py and colors.py
Date: 5/12/2024

     I had a look over your Main.py and Colors.py files. Your comments are very well structured and explain the functions, their purpose, and how they work. I couldn't find anything you could improve on as it is already really solid.
     
No action required from this feedback.

3.
Specific documentation checked: ReadMe and Code Comments for main.py and colors.py
Feedback given to: Declan W & Earvin
Feedback provided by: Tilley
Date of feedback: 03/12/2024
Feedback Provided: 
Your readme file looks good, you have explained the purpose and features of the application and steps to install python and clone from the repository.
I think what is missing are the steps to install the libraries / packages for example, colored. Also any ethical considerations & standards.
For your code comments in colored.py - I believe using the #comments are correct but I would maybe put it above the import line and maybe add the purpose of the import
For the code comments, I'm not seeing the full code in main. What you have there explaining each code line is good.
I don't see this in your code comment but just make sure you add comments to the classes and functions explaining the purpose, returned result and parameters / arguments.
Actions to be complete:
Update ReadMe to include installation for libararies / packages, dependencies and licenses and an ethical consideration & standards - since this a Bank Management system, you may want to consider the users privacy and look up PII
Add code comments to classes and function explaining the purpose, returned result and parameter / arguements - for HD standar include code examples as well.

4. 
Feedback from: Chris
What was checked: Both README and Code comments of main.py and colors.py
Date: 6/12/2024
    
    This piece of feed back is attached as a pdf named 'Feedback_from_Chris.pdf' in the feedback folder.

Action required:
- More detail on features, breakdown each feature
- Detail how to install each dependency and virtual environment (pip installs)
- Add visual aids for example commands
- Explain concept of 'user index' and 'account index'
- Explain common errors
- Security disclaimer

5.
Feedback from: Angus Cairns
What was checked: Code and README
Date: 6/12/2024
    ISK Assessment 3 Feedback for Declan and
    Earvin

    1. Usefulness

    Readme - Easy to follow and very straight forward setup from cloning

    Features - menu was easy to follow
    deposit - works flawlessly
    withdraw -  works flawlessly
    show accounts - works flawlessly

    suggestions for future iterations

    Add user - suggestion, please print the users index number after creation
    transfer feature - maybe implement a feature to transfer between personal accounts
    password account creation - when creating accounts include a password for data security, also a disclaimer for liability

Action required: None. Already implemented in from previous feedback.